Transactioncontext (#33)
hannestschofenig/lamps-attestation-freshness: draft-ietf-lamps-attestation-freshness.md

}
~~~

To ensure that the nonce request and response messages are associated with the subsequent

> request and response messages used to transmit the CSR, the same (D)TLS session SCHOULD be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that the nonce request and response messages are associated with the subsequent
request and response messages used to transmit the CSR, the same (D)TLS session SHOULD be used.
```

ContentInfo.contentType = id-data
ContentInfo.content
   controlSequence
      {101, id-cmc-transactionId, 10132985123483401}
      {102, id-cmc-senderNonce, 10001}
      {103, id-cmc-nonceReq, <NonceRequest>}

ContentInfo.contentType = id-data
ContentInfo.content
   controlSequence
      {101, id-cmc-transactionId, 10132985123483401}
      {102, id-cmc-senderNonce, 10005}
      {103, id-cmc-recipientNonce, 10001}
      {104, id-cmc-nonceResp, <NonceResponse>}
~~~

To ensure that the nonce request and response messages are associated with the subsequent
request and response messages used to transmit the CSR, the transaction identifier specified in

> {{Section 6.6 of I-D.ietf-lamps-rfc5272bis}} SCHOULD be used.

Reviewer: Why not make it a MUST?

Author: Using transaction IDs in CMC is optional, therefore I thought a recommendation is strong enough.
I would leave this to @mandelj7 to decide.

Reviewer 2: @hannestschofenig I tend to agree that since it is optional, it can be a SHOULD. I see that we made it a MUST for the others. I'm alright with keeping these aligned.
